Remove the NODE_ENV development check when patching nextjs (#3742)
blitz-js/blitz: .changeset/lazy-maps-sort.md

---
"blitz": patch
---

> Patch Next.js Suspense issue in all node environments. Previously we only patched it in Development env, but now we make sure it gets patched during build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patch Next.js Suspense issue in all node environments. Previously we only patched it in the `development` environment, but now we make sure it gets patched in the `production` env (with the `blitz build` command) as well.
```
